>> Kyle Simpson: We talked earlier
about the standard in stream.
We said we want to be able to pull from
a standard in but we don't want to have to
do our own like invention of that logic,
so we're going to go ahead and
pull in another package that I've already
pre-installed for you called getStdin.
>> Kyle Simpson: get-stdin.
While I'm up here at the top, I'm gonna
go ahead and add another package.
We're gonna use this
one a little bit later,
but I'm gonna add another
package called util.
That's another one of
the built-in ones in node.
So we want to be able to support not only
telling you a file by name, but also
we want our program to be able to receive
the file inputs on the standard in stream.
So we need some way of indicating that to
our program on a command line parameter.
We need some flag to tell it hey get your
stuff from standard in instead of trying
to look for it in the file.
So what we're going to do then is say,
we're gonna add a boolean flag and
we'll call this "in", and
then we will handle "in" by saying if
args.in we're gonna be getting from the
>> Kyle Simpson: Standard in,
otherwise we're gonna be
getting from a file system.
Now you'll notice that we're going
to wanna call process file, but
we're gonna need to not pass it,
necessarily a string path anymore.
We're gonna want to go ahead and
pass it, the contents of the file.
Cuz we either might have
gotten it from a file or
we might have gotten it from standard in.
So I'm gonna change process file,
basically I'm gonna take this code and
move it, or at least some of it,
I'm gonna move it up to here temporarily.
>> Kyle Simpson: So
we're going to do "processfile(contents);"
>> Kyle Simpson: And we're gonna make
processFile receive the contents.
Now, what's it gonna do?
It's gonna say contents
= contents.toUpperCase.
>> Kyle Simpson: And then we're gonna
call process.stdout.write(contents).
>> Kyle Simpson: This code should
still work exactly the same,
we just moved where that
logic was happening.
But we want to be able to support
receiving that stuff from stdin.
We're gonna call the getStdin function and
this is a promise returning mechanism.
So that's our first sense of using
asynchrony without a callback.
This is a promise returning mechanism.
And so it's going to resolve
a promise with all the contents
that it got from the standard in.
It'll capture all of them and
resolve to all of those.
So we're gonna call getStdin and
then we're gonna say .then.
And what we wanna do is now we know we
will have those contents at this point so
we can just call processFile.
And if there's an error somewhere,
we wanna catch it, and
the catch should send the error
message to our error handler.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay, let's try that out.
There's one more thing we wanna do.
One of the conventions that is
somewhat common within parameters
speak is that if you have a hyphen,
a single
hyphen at the end of the line that's
another way of saying, hey guess what?
Standard in is gonna provide
all the rest of the inputs.
So we wanna handle that and
we know that minimist doesn't know
how to process a single hyphen.
So we're going to say, if args.in or,
>> Kyle Simpson: And
remember we had the args._ was an array of
all the things that it couldn't process.
We're gonna say if that array
includes the single hyphen.
Then that will tell us that we
want to do standard in processing.
Let's update our help.
>> Kyle Simpson: Let's try it again,
we'll try it with something where it was
already working, which was hello.txt.
>> Kyle Simpson: All right,
cuz we need to make sure it's a string.
>> Kyle Simpson: So process file
is now expecting already a string.
So we updated that to call toString on it.
>> Kyle Simpson: Now it's able to process
it if we grab it from a file, but
we also want to be able to do
it with standard in input.
So let's try that out.
Let's say that we're going to use
the built in command called cat.
We're gonna say files/hello.text and
we're going to pipe that
information into our ./ex1.js and
we're just going to tell it to
expect the process from standard in.
>> Kyle Simpson: And now it received
it through standard in instead.
Same thing if we do
a single hyphen at the end.
Yes?
>> Speaker 2: Could you maybe go a little
more in-depth on what standard in is,
I got lost there.
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah, so
if standard out is our output stream,
where we're pushing from our
program back out to the shell.
Standard in is the stream of any contents
that are currently in the buffer
of our shell that are going
to go into the next program.
So when we do a pipe command here,
what we're saying is anything that this
created as a standard output, it would
normally just be dumped to the shell.
But if we pipe it that's saying turn
the output into an input stream,
and then we're basically saying
take that input stream and
pipe it directly into this program.